# Dataset-and-code-for-HAS-CGAN
This repository includes files related original dataset, intermediate data, code, and results(well-trained models and some predicted results).
The original dataset file consists of cutting force signals and machining parameters and real measured surface roughness.
The code consists of generative models and predictive models and some other related .py files.
The results file consists of some results generated from data preprocessing processes, saved trained CGAN models for inference and predictive results generated from prediction models.

# ORIGINAL and INTERMEDIATE DATA FILES
"After cutting files" : Original dataset extracted from Dynaware.
"machining_parameters.xlsx": Machining paramerters for each sample.
Samples_1024: Dataset after preprocessing for CGAN models. 
"Generated_signals" file: This file contains some of the generatied force signals data under different labels, which are used to plot Fig.4.3.a. in paper.
"Origin_pictures" file: This file contains data and origin pictures plotted by Origin used for Figures in papers.
"Training_and_testing_data_for_CGAN_models" file: It contains training_and_testing_data_for_CGAN_models(Standardized).
"Train_and_test_dataset_for_prediction_models" file: It contains train_and_test_dataset_for_prediction_models(Standardized).

# RESULTS
"Well_trained_CGANS_models" files: It contains all the Well_trained_CGANS_models.
"Predicted_Results" files: It contains some predicted results data from different prediction models. 

# GENERATIVE MODELS TRAINING
HAS_CGAN.py: Use it to train the HAs-CGAN model.
ACGAN.py: Use it to train the ACGAN model.
CGAN.py: Use it to train the CGAN model.
Conv-CGAN.py: Use it to train the Conv-CGAN model.
WCConvGAN.py: Use it to train the One-Dimensional Conditional Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network.
WCGAN.py: Use it to train the Deep Multi-Layer Perceptron Conditional Wasserstein GAN. 
# PREDICTIVE MODEL TRAINING
SVR+LSTM+RF.py: This .py contains three different prediction models, which are SVR, LSTM and RF resepectively. 
BPNN.py: Use this .py to train the bpnn prediction model.
CNN.py: Use this .py to train 1D-CNN prediction model.
CNN_Transformer.py: Use this .py to train CNN_transformer prediction model.

# RELATED .py files
Look at similarities.py: Use this .py to generate new force signals under different labels through well-trained generative models. Data in Fig.2.a is generated by this .py.
Compute_WT_coherence.py: Use this .py to compute wavelet cohenrence of generated signals and original signals. Data in Fig.2.b is generated by this .py.
Prepare_dataset_after_generation_for_prediction.py: Use this .py to enrich the original dataset to several times. 
Feature_Extraction.py: Use this .py to extract time-domain and frequency domain features. 
